# My Programming Journey
## Intro
### Who am I?
Hello dear reader! First I want to say, thank you for being interested enough to just click here. Hope you find my journey insightful. Let me introduce myself. My name is Mark Williams and I am not a computer scientist. I am actually a nurse that is interested in learning Comp Sci (I know some lingo). So here is my attempt at documenting my journey of learning computer science as an adult learner. 

### Where I started
So this is not my first time attempting to learn CS. When I first went to college in 2014 at the University of Oklahoma my degree was in CS. I took my intro to CS course where they taught *drum roll* Java... Nothing wrong with Java. Lots of great programs where and are currently maintained in Java (Go Minecraft). However, as 18 year old kid I did not find writing for loops that interesting. My biggest gripe was that we never made anything that interesting and they never showed the practical application why were learning what we were learning. Soooooo I got bored, got a B in the class and changed majors. I had another brief time in programming when I was in the art collage. I wrote a Choose Your Adventure text game in C#. After that I did not program for many years.

However, that all changed in November of 2024! My wife and I were traveling to Poland with our at the time 5 month son (yes, I know, we are little crazy). We were sitting in the Helsinki Airport (great airport, 9/10 would recommend) bored and I had the thought, "I used to like to program, I should pick it back up". So I took out my phone and started looking in the app store for something to help me start learning. There I found Mimo. It was a Duolingo-like learning platform for programming. So I started learning Python in the middle of an airport using an app.
